1. You need to prepare your boarding pass and passport in front of the gate.
2. You need to show your boarding pass and passport in front of the gate.
Show your passport and boarding pass at the gate.
3. The supermarket is located near the theater.
4. You need to pass the written exam to get the driver's licenses.
5. You need to pass the written exam before applying for the driver's license.
6. The bus for London will leave 10 minutes later than planned.
7. The bus for London will leave early tomorrow morning.
8. The bus for London will leave 10 minutes earlier than planned.
9. You need to get a new photo for your driver's license.
10. You need to have warm clothes for winter.
You need warmer clothes for winter.
11. If you show your student card, you will get a discount.
12. Students from different backgrounds can achieve a variety of qualifications.
13. The bus for the airport will arrive soon.
14. Students with a wide range of backgrounds can will achieve a variety of qualifications.
14. Students from different backgrounds can achieve a variety of qualifications.
15. Always bring keys with you because the front door closes automatically.
16. The students are supposed to assemble in the seminar hall before the announcement.
17. You must wear a hard hat when you go to the construction site.
17. You must wear a hard hat to protect yourself when you go to the construction site.
18. You must wear a hard hat when you are on the construction site.
18. You need to wear a hard hat to the construction site.
19. Several people have applied for the manager position.
20. If you like cooking, we can make supper together.
21. You can register your card at the university student center or the library.
22. You need to make an appointment with doctor.
23. Please submit all assignments before the deadline.
24. You need to have a cloth for winter.
25. The old building in the university is still being used.
26. The chemistry building is located near the entrance to the campus.
27. The bus ride out in the front will take you to the station.
28. Parking permits can be collected through the student service office.
29. Passengers on the train should take their seats.
30. Passengers on the train should not put feet on the seat.
31. We are committed to recruiting the best students regardless of their financial situation.
32. We are committed to attracting the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
33. The energy that we absorb from the food we eat can help us prevent the cold and become warmer.
34. The professor of biotechnology is the future of traditional biology.
35. If you wish to be a good student, you should attend every class.
36. The bus for London will be scheduled once a week.
37. Newspapers across the world are reporting stories of presidents.
38. Your son has a bad cold and is in the nurse's room.
39. I have to get up early for an interview tomorrow.
40. The library will be closed during summer vacation.
Library will be closed except during holidays.
41. The campus library will be closed during the winter break.
The temporary library will be closed during the winter break.
42. Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
43. You can add a salad to your meal.
44. Grocery store is around the corner down the street.
45. You need to record every detail of the call in the afternoon.
46. Just wait a minute, I will be with you shortly.
47. Please keep the keys with you because the front door often locks automatically.
48. The information you need for this meeting is on the website.
49. Students have the opportunity to share their lunch during the common lunch break around noon.
50. Your wages will be put into your bank account on Thursday-Tuesday.
51. The hotel is located not far from your apartment.
52. I'm out, please take notes if someone calls.
53. If you forget the password, please contact the office.
53. If you forget your password, please contact the office.
54. I didn't understand the author's point of view on immigration.
55. Every students have their own computer.
55. Everyone has their own computer.
56. I have to prepare report for the manager.
I make sure to prepare report for the manager.
57. The bus for the airport will arrive soon.
58. Library downtown will be closed.
59. You can get the books in the library.
You can find the books in the library.
60. You can speak to the current students at the information sessions.
61. You have enrollment fill of requirements.
62. Your son has a bad cold and is in the nurse's room.
63. Please move us to the room.
64. Report to the boss.
65. 66. I will have, a meeting on Thursday.
67. Students available in.
The department.
68.
69. Art museum.
70. If the doctor calls while I'm out, please leave a message.
61. You have enrollment fill of requirements.
62. Your son has a bad cold and is in the nurse's room.
63. Please move us to the room.
64. Report to the boss.
65.
66. I will have, a meeting on Thursday.
67. Students available in.
The department.
68.
69. Art museum.
70. If the doctor calls while I'm out, please leave a message.
81. The bus by the building goes directly to the central bus station.
82. You can obtain the application form from the administrative office.
83. To meet the requirement, multiple copies need to be given to the department.
84. Restricted scholarships target principally at the students with specific goals.
85. I didn't understand the author's point of view on immigration.
86. In your introduction, show you understand the question in no more than four sentences.
87. The student must attend the safety courses and wear protective goggles before entering the
laboratory.
88. The graph shows the population growth in the last century.
89. The full list of undergraduate programs can be found on the website.
90. There are many different religions across the world.
91. The study demonstrates a need for further research in this field.
92. Try to get through it as soon as possible.
93. This program is running in partnership with a number of departments.
94. Your abstract should contain the empirical evidence of your research.
95. I haven't done a lot of work in this area.
96. We will change the classroom, because this one is too small.
97. The students are supposed to assemble in the seminar hall before the announcement.
98. You are not sure that you can skip the sessions for Wednesday.
99. We often ask our students to get access to all sorts of services.
100. Car park permit can be obtained at the student service center.
101. All students depend on their future.
102. Professor Gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
103. We can discuss education in the tutorial next week.
104. Young children need education and organized activities.
105. Please read the first two sections before next week.
72. You should submit your essays to the general office.
73. Tomorrow evening, there will be a panel discussion on sustainable development.
70. Higher education means higher pay, and more opportunities you will get.
111. You can park in the building behind the medical center.
112. College students spend a lot of money on their education.
113. She went to the mall to buy a new dress for her interview.
114. She has been in the library for a long time.
115. The part of the story is the story of my father.
116. I'm glad you got here safely.
117. We are required to submit the assignments before Friday.
118. You can pay by cash or using a credit card.
119. Don't hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
120. I would like the assignment less than 2,000 words.
121. I think your watch is fast.
You need to reset it.
122. There is not enough space for me in the car.
123. We change the classroom, because this one is too small.
124. Please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
125. Please make an appointment with your tutor about work after holiday.
126. The library will be closed during summer vacation.
127. It's within the framework that we carry out our survey.
128. Student discount cards can be used on campus at the coffee house.
129. I wasn't able to attend the tutorial, because I had a doctor appointment.
130. Students can download the materials from the website.
131. No more than 4 people can be in the lab at once.
132. I still don't understand the last sentence.
133. I believe children should read aloud more.
134. All students must participate in the exercise.
135. All the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
136. All the necessary information is in the assignment.
137. A computer virus destroyed all my files.
138. None of the students found it difficult to get a job.
139. Today we have a guest speaker who is visiting from Canada.
140. Please do not bring food into the classroom.
Some people argue that education is not that important.